---
title: Glossary
---
# Glossary

- AppKey  
    AppKey is the unique identification of the application in the
    Juphoon Cloud platform, which is similar to the application ID and
    obtained by creating an application on the platform.

- Domain  
    When creating an application, multiple applications created in the
    same console account belong to the same domain. Applications in the
    same domain can communicate with each other. Therefore, people who
    use applications under the same account can communicate with each
    other even if their AppKey is different. For example, from A user
    logged in by one application can call a user logged in by another
    application.

- No authentication  
    No authentication mode means that the account is generated by the
    user, and no password verification is required to log in to the
    Juphoon Cloud platform.

- JC SDK  
    JC SDK is a functional development kit rendered by Juphoon,
    providing real-time communication scenarios such as voice calls,
    video calls, live interactive audio streaming, live interactiv video
    streaming, and IM. JC SDK supports operating system platforms such
    as iOS, Android, Windows, and macOS.

- Console  
    The console is a platform for application creation and management
    provided by Juphoon for users. After registering an account, users
    can create applications through the console, obtain AppKey, check
    the domain and domain ID of the application, call duration, ringing
    rate, success rate, etc.

- SDK keywords  
    The JC SDK implements functions such as audio and video calls or
    live streaming through API methods and event callbacks.

- Method  
    The interface provided by the SDK can be called by the client-side
    to implement specific functions.

- Callback  
    Indicate feedbacks from the SDK to the client-side after certain
    events occur.

- Channel  
    Channel is similar to the concept of a room and users join in the
    same channel can make one-to-one or group audio and video calls. You
    can call the API to create a channel. The channel is automatically
    created when the first user joins, and the channel is automatically
    destroyed when the last user leaves without maintenance.

- Audio and video streaming  
    Refers to an object containing audio and video data. In calls and
    live streaming, users can send local audio and video streams and
    subscribe to other users’ audio and video streams.

- Subscription  
    After users join the channel, they can receive audio and video
    streams published by other users in the channel, that is,
    subscription streams.

- Live streaming  
    A type of channel mode. There are two roles in the live streaming
    mode: one is host, and the other is audiences. Live streaming refers
    to broadcasting live performances through applications and the
    Internet. The viewers is called the audiences, and the performer is
    called the host.

- Host  
    Users who can send and receive audio and video streams in live
    channels.

- Audience  
    Users who can only receive audio and video streams in the live
    channel.

- Co-hosting  
    In live streaming, the audience interacts with the host through
    co-hosting.

- Frame rate  
    Frame rate is the frequency (rate) at which bitmap images called
    frames continuously appear on the display. Simply put, the frame
    rate is the number of pictures taken by the camera per second. The
    higher the number of frames, the smoother the picture. The smaller
    the frame rate, the more jumpy the picture.

- Bit rate  
    Bit rate means the number of bits transmitted per second. That is,
    the amount of data transmitted per unit time of the video. Usually
    in bit/s. The bit rate directly affects the viewing experience of
    the video. The higher the bit rate, the higher the definition. But
    at the same time, occupy too much bandwidth and is prone to
    congestion.

- Resolution rate  
    Resolution is a concept that represents the fineness of a plane
    image. It is usually measured by the number of horizontal and
    vertical points, expressed in the form of the number of horizontal
    points × the number of vertical points. In a fixed plane, the higher
    the resolution, the more points that can be used, and the more
    detailed the image. The resolution rate affects the image size: the
    higher the resolution, the larger the image; the lower the
    resolution, the smaller the image.

- Heartbeat  
    A way to keep alive on the conference terminal and the server is to
    send and return heartbeat packets to the peer terminal regularly.

- Heartbeat duration  
    Heartbeat duration refers to how often heartbeat packets are sent.

- Heartbeat timeout  
    Heartbeat timeout refers to the timeout period (thinking that the
    other party has left) without receiving a heartbeat packet.

- CDN push  
    The process of publishing a video stream to the CDN (Content
    Delivery Network) is called CDN push, and users can watch it online
    through a web browser.

    CDN is equivalent to a layer of intelligent virtual network on the
    basis of the existing Internet formed by placing node servers
    everywhere in the network. CDNs redirect user requests to the
    service node which is closest to the user, aiming at making the user
    access the needed nearby content to solve the congestion of the
    Internet network and improve the response speed of users visiting
    the website.

- Recording  
    Recording during audio and video calls and saving the video stream
    as a file to provide users with a review.

- Push  
    Push is a technical concept that refers to sending remote
    notifications from the server-side to the client-side in real time.

    Typical push services include APNs (Apple Push Notification
    Service), GCM (Google Cloud Messaging), etc. In China, you can use
    third-party push services such as Xiaomi Push and Huawei Push.
